2015.3:
 * Version 15.1
 * Added Zynq Ultrascale plus support.
 * Changing txdiffctrl default value to "1000".
 * Added 2.5G support to Artix-7 devices (-2 and -3 speed grades) devices.
 * Added 3ms startup delay on CPLL/PLL0 controlled by EXAMPLE_SIMULATION.
 * GT wizard updated to v3_6 for Series-7 transceivers.
 * Register 2 and Register 3 updated with OUI values for Xilinx.
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Default Insertion Loss at Nyquist value of transceiver configuration preset changed to result in better default RX equalization settings for Gigabit-Ethernet preset; now using LPM rather than DFE

2015.1:
 * Version 15.0
 * Added 2.5 Support for Series-7 Devices(Except Artix-7 and Zynq devices with Artix Fabric) and Ultrascale Devices.
 * 1588 permutations using the Time-of-Day format,An issue has been fixed in the receiver timestamp whereby the seconds field could occasionally be in advance by 1 second.
 * Fixed SGMII over LVDS issue in deseialization for Ultrascale Devices.
 * Added options for gtrefclk and DRP/Freerun Clock (Independent Clock) in GUI for Ultrascale Devices.
 * Default Series-7 Equalization changed to LPM from DFE for GTHE2 and GTXE2 transceivers to match GT Wizard.
 * GT wizard updated to v3_5 for Series-7 transceivers.
 * Moved required BUFG on gtrefclk in devices with GTHE2 and GTXE2 to shared logic.
 * Moved BUFG on recovered clock to shared logic.
 * Added mmcm_reset output port for configurations using transceiver to reset the external mmcm to generate userclk/userclk2.
 * Constraints updates.
 * Added txinhibit to the transceiver debug signals.
 * Added pcsrsvdin to the transceiver debug signals for ultrascale devices.
 * C_RUDI behaviour fixed by adding pipeline on RXCLKCORCNT.
 * gtwizard_ultrascale upgraded to v1_5.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 14.3 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 14.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * Added support for 7-Series Defense-grade, Automotive, and Low Voltage parts.
 * Corrected value of dont_reset_on_data_error input to 7-Series Transceiver FSMs to 0.
 * Changed default value of RXPRBS_ERR_LOOPBACK to 0 for 7-Series Transceivers.
 * Disabling Reset of GT FSMs in case of prbs selection for 7-Series Transceivers.

2014.3:
 * Version 14.3
 * gtwizard_ultrascale upgraded to v1_4.
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers.
 * Fix done for high temperature callibration failure for sgmii over lvds in Series-7
 * Added 3 seconds watchdog timer which resets rx path for sgmii over lvds modes and also in case of 7 series transceiver
 * Soft reset provision added for sgmii over lvds
 * Bugfix for AutoNegotiation resetting in case of resetdone deassertion instead of pausing
 * Included component library in vhdl block and block wrapper
 * Changed BUFG to BUFH on rxoutclk for Base-X and SGMII mode without fabric elastic buffer for Series-7
 * Reduced timing DRCs and warnings
 * Changed size of gt0_dmonitor_width depending on type of transceiver
 * Corrected rxpmaresetdone port in cases where it was undriven

2014.2:
 * Version 14.2 (Rev. 1)
 * gtwizard_ultrascale upgraded to v1_3.
 * Minor constraints modification as per change in tool behaviour.
 * Removal and corrections in unused synchronizers in 7-Series transceiver Reset FSM.

2014.1:
 * Version 14.2
 * Enabling SGMII over LVDS feature for Ultrascale devices.
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers (Tx/Rx startup FSM updates).
 * Source of rxusrclk and rxusrclk2 for BASEX modes changed to rxoutclk instead of txoutclk.
 * Added missing XDC constraints  for rxoutclk in BASEX mode.
 * Change in definition of resetdone port.It now indicates the completion of rx and tx startup sequence.
 * Transceiver reset done indication gated with LINK_STATUS indication register.
 * Optional External MDIO interface added to control external phy,added optional parameter Ext_Management_Interface.
 * Changed EXAMPLE_SIMULATION Parameter from Boolean to Integer.
 * Freerunning clock of 50Mhz added for ultrascale devices for sgmii and basex modes .
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support added.
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Support for Zynq7015 device added.

2013.4:
 * Version 14.1
 * Kintex Ultrascale Pre-Production Support.
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports.
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers (Tx/Rx startup FSM updates).

2013.3:
 * Version 14.0
 * Link timer value ports removed from block_wrapper
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers (Termination settings updates,attribute updates,hierarchy update).
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator.
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation.
 * Updated clock synchronizers to improve Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) for metastability.
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports.
 * Added support for the out of context flow.
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core. Please refer to the Product Guide for information and port changes.
 * New board GUI tab for targeting evaluation boards
 * Marking Production for Virtex-7 and Zynq-7000 families.

2013.2:
 * Version 13.0
 * Constraints processing order changed.
 * Phyad made a GUI parameter.
 * eye_mon_wait_time removed from block_wrapper portlist.
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers.
 * Added AN Support for Zynq GEM for SGMII over Transceiver and SGMII over LVDS modes
 * Marking Production for Artix-7 family.

2013.1:
 * Version 12.0
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers.
 * Added Zynq support for SGMII over LVDS feature.
 * Added parameter EXAMPLE_SIMULATION to be tied 1 in simulation.
 * Marking Production for Kintex-7 family.

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2015 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
