2014.4:
 * Version 1.4 (Rev. 1)
 * Improved performance of GTH and GTY transceivers via parameter updates
 * Added support for GTH transceiver production-level simulation and device models, and corresponding support for GTH programmable divider values 80 and 100
 * Fixed a bug that prevented activity on the RXRECCLKOUT port if the RXOUTCLK source is not RXPROGDIVCLK

2014.3:
 * Version 1.4
 * Added several new transceiver configuration preset options
 * Added an initialization module to the example design which demonstrates interactions with the reset controller helper block that can help mitigate system-related bring-up and link loss issues
 * Removed optional port gtwiz_reset_rx_data_good_in; affects configurations which locate the reset controller helper block in the core
 * Improved performance of GTH and GTY transceivers via parameter updates
 * Improved the behavior of the reset controller helper block by holding PLL and data path resets high upon device programming, then automatically running an initial reset all sequence upon GTPOWERGOOD assertion
 * Improved the behavior of the buffer bypass controller helper blocks to eliminate the risk of reporting a completed procedure based stale TXSYNCDONE and RXSYNCDONE logic levels
 * Improved example design data integrity checking with the addition of a PRBS checker-based link status indicator, its leaky bucket implementation replacing per-cycle PRBS checker status
 * Improved transceiver configuration presets which utilize more than two quads by choosing a channel from the middle quad as the default TX and RX master channel
 * Improved load time of the Wizard customization GUI, and its responsiveness when applying transceiver configuration presets
 * Expanded the range of selectable TXOUTCLK frequencies and reduced the occurrence of core generation error code 21, reporting an unsupported programmable divider value
 * Corrected the allowed GTH maximum line rate for Kintex UltraScale devices at -2 and -1 speed grades and FBV package types
 * Fixed a bug in the reset controller helper block which incorrectly initiated TX and RX reset sequences in parallel, rather than sequentially as intended, under probabilistic conditions in hardware operation
 * Fixed a bug in the Wizard customization GUI Physical Resources tab that caused the incorrect transceiver primitive type, column, bank, or pin names to be displayed for some devices

2014.2:
 * Version 1.3
 * Added several new transceiver configuration preset options
 * Enabled synthesis and implementation of configurations utilizing GTY transceivers
 * Refined timing constraints and their locations in XDC files to reduce warnings and redundancy
 * Added a CDR lock timeout counter to the reset controller helper block to avoid the possibility of the RX data path reset sequence hanging due to no RXCDRLOCK assertion
 * Improved performance of GTH transceivers via parameter updates
 * Fixed a wiring bug in the receiver module of the user data width sizing helper block that affected only GTY transceivers configured to use the 160-bit RX user data width
 * Fixed a small number of discrepancies between frequency/rate limits imposed by the Wizard GUI and some published UltraScale Architecture Data Sheet values
 * Added logic to the example design which demonstrates proper reset stimulus of the buffer bypass controller helper blocks

2014.1:
 * Version 1.2
 * Added several new transceiver configuration preset options
 * Added support for behavioral HDL simulation of configurations utilizing GTY transceivers
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators to existing support for Mentor Graphics Questa and Xilinx Vivado Simulator
 * Added support for SATA configurations
 * Enabled the ability to configure the secondary QPLL when one QPLL type is used
 * Enabled the ability to select the frequency of TXOUTCLK when the TX programmable divider is used
 * Enabled the ability to locate the reset controller helper block inside the core irrespective of transceiver common location
 * Improved performance and reliability of GTH transceivers in Kintex UltraScale ES1 devices via parameter updates and CPLL calibration
 * Improved resource utilization in raw mode and 8B/10B example design configurations
 * Fixed an issue where certain complex reference clock routing configurations could lead to routing congestion
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 1.1
 * Added several new transceiver configuration preset options
 * Added support for the user data width sizing helper block
 * Added recovered clock output options in the Physical Resources tab
 * Added initial support for simulation of the CAUI-4 preset utilizing GTY transceivers

2013.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release

(c) Copyright 2013 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
